Yo
Our Lady Protector is willing to come back
I just saw Xuan Mingyue
What did he tell you?
Didn't say anything.
But I found
Your sweetheart doesn't seem to love you
You talk nonsense and your reputation can be learned from me
How can you, an outsider, make irresponsible remarks?
Then I'm on him
I can't see the slightest trace of his love for me.
Maybe he sees that you're not me
Yeah, he must have figured it out.
As long as you are in love
No matter how smart a woman is, she is a fool
What do you know?
You don't need to worry about me and him
Do you think I want to care?
Everyone is surrounding me looking for Linglong Sword
You don't say anything
This identity is a big problem
It's better to change your identity back
I'll be a little kid
Anyway
You use my body, you have to protect him
I must show you his true colors